add chords for How Vast (#9)
maxned/GFChurch-Lyrics: eGFC/text/How Vast the Love.txt

Title: How Vast the Love.pro

Come g[C]aze upon your Savior
Beh[Am]old your great High Pr[F]iest
Draw near in awe and wonder

> His cross has spoken peace

Reviewer: Why not fill out these lines too?

> Come rest from sin and striving
> Find endless stores of grace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Come r[C]est from sin and striving
Find [Am]endless st[G]ores of gr[F]ace
```

The h[C]eart that turns to Jesus
Is cl[Am]eansed from every st[G]ain

Oh, how d[F]eep, how wide, how l[C]ong
Oh, how v[Am]ast the love of J[G]esus
Oh, how sure, how sweet, how strong

> Oh, how vast His love for us

Reviewer: Why not fill out these lines too?
